tekvis/README.md, before:

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/tree/canary/packages/create-next-app).

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
# or
bun dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `app/page.tsx`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

This project uses [`next/font`](https://nextjs.org/docs/basic-features/font-optimization) to automatically optimize and load Inter, a custom Google Font.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/deployment) for more details.

Commit message:

updated readme for todo list

tekvis/README.md, after:

# Tekken 8 gameplay stats

Put your scope, goals, and summary here in this paragraph. 

## @TODO list of items
Bullet list of todos and completed.

1. Complete Stubs of components 
2. Get mongo database layer connection working
3. Create UI component for CRUD the data like spreadsheet
  * Lookup react/nextjs opensource components
  * 
4. Learn how to do components. 
5. ~Mark completed items using tilde~



## Getting Started and running the code

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
# or
bun dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `app/page.tsx`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

This project uses [`next/font`](https://nextjs.org/docs/basic-features/font-optimization) to automatically optimize and load Inter, a custom Google Font.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/deployment) for more details.
